README.md, before:

This project uses Vagrant to setup a wise4 virtual machine.

Prerequisites
=============

- ruby - on OS X this is already installed
- vagrant - run "sudo gem install vagrant" (rvm users: change that appropriately)
- virtualbox - http://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads


Just use it
===========

    vagrant box add wise4-4_3-0 http://mysystem.dev.concord.org/wise4/wise4-4_3-0.box  # this downloads a 630MB file
    vagrant init wise4-4_3-0
    vagrant up
    open http://localhost:4567/webapp/index.html

When you are done using it and want to save disk space

    vagrant destroy  # note this will completely remove any data on the virtual machine

Then to use it again just do

    vagrant up

If you want to get into the VM and check it out

    vagrant ssh

For more details see http://vagrantup.com


Rebuild the vm from a barebones linux box
=========================================

    git clone git://github.com/concord-consortium/wise4-vagrant.git
    cd wise4-vagrant
    vagrant up
    open http://localhost:4567/webapp/index.html


Repackage the vm built above into a box
=======================================

    vagrant ssh
    > sudo apt-get clean
    > sudo service tomcat6 stop
    > sudo rm /var/lib/tomcat6/webapps/*.war
    > cat /dev/zero > zero.fill;sync;sleep 1;sync;rm -f zero.fill  # fills drive with zeros for compression - takes a while
    > exit
    rm package.box
    vagrant package --vagrantfile Vagrantfile.pkg
    scp package.box otto.concord.org:/web/mysystem.dev.concord.org/wise4/wise4-4_3-0.box

Commit message:

Add ability to add in new step types

README.md, after:

This project uses Vagrant to setup a wise4 virtual machine.

Prerequisites
=============

- ruby - on OS X this is already installed
- git
- vagrant - run "sudo gem install vagrant" (rvm users: change that appropriately)
- virtualbox - http://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads


Get Started
===========

    git clone git://github.com/concord-consortium/wise4-vagrant.git
    cd wise4-vagrant
    vagrant up # this will take some time as it downloads a 636mb file
    open http://localhost:8080/webapp/index.html

When you are done using it and want to save disk space

    vagrant destroy  # note this will completely remove any data on the virtual machine

Then to use it again just do

    vagrant up

If you want to get into the VM and check it out

    vagrant ssh

For more details see http://vagrantup.com

Add a New Node (step type)
==========================

# generate new step files: java -jar lib/StepTypeCreator.jar mynewstep mns
# enable that new step type in the Vagrantfile, uncomment the 2nd line:

    'Mynewstep' => "mynewstep"

# tell Vagrant to reconfigure the VM: vagrant reload
# continue on step 4 here: http://code.google.com/p/wise4/wiki/HowToCreateANewWise4Step

The values in the hashmap of Vagrantfile can be relative or paths.  Directories which are symlinks don't work because
the directories need to be mounted into the VM, and symlinks don't work for that.
